cloudanix (#913)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/06-integrations/00-cloudanix.md

---
title: 'Cloudanix'
metaTitle: 'cloudanix'
metaDescription: 'The Cloudanix security pack provides a dashboard that displays threats and unusual behavior in Kubernetes containers in Palette' 
hiddenFromNav: true
type: "integration"
hideToC: false
category: ['security']
logoUrl: 'https://cloudanix-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/static/cloudanix-logo-p.png'
---

import Tabs from 'shared/components/ui/Tabs';
import WarningBox from 'shared/components/WarningBox';
import InfoBox from 'shared/components/InfoBox';
import PointsOfInterest from 'shared/components/common/PointOfInterest';
import Tooltip from "shared/components/ui/Tooltip";

# Cloudanix

The Cloudanix pack is an add-on security pack that provides a dashboard to help you detect threats and unusual behavior in your Kubernetes clusters. Some examples of Cloudanix detection capabilities are:

<br/>

> - Writes below a binary directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Detecting files added or modified in sensitive directories.
```

| ``clusterIdentifier`` | The cluster's unique identifier. |
| ``clusterDomain`` | The Palette cloud account type such as AWS, GCP, Azure, or others. |

## Usage

This Helm Chart installs four Cloudanix services to enable container security capabilities:

<br/>

- **config-cron**: A job that runs periodically in a Kubernetes cluster to maintain the configuration of Cloudanix inventory and threat services.
- **misconfig-cron**: A job that captures Kubernetes misconfigurations and displays them on the Cloudanix dashboard.
- **inventory-service**: An inventory service that detects any new Kubernetes resources and displays them on the Cloudanix dashboard.
- **threat-service**: A threat service that exports threat events and affected Kubernetes resources which are visible on the Cloudanix dashboard.

From the **Workloads** page, click the **Risks** tab to view a list of failed threat rules. You can exclude resources, such as pods and containers, from the risk findings.

</Tabs.TabPane>

</Tabs>

# Terraform

``` hcl
data "spectrocloud_registry" "public_registry" {
  name = "Public Repo"
}

data "spectrocloud_pack_simple" "cloudanix" {
  name    = "cloudanix"
  version = "0.0.6"

>   type = "operator-instance"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  type = "helm"
```

---
title: 'Cloudanix'
metaTitle: 'cloudanix'

> metaDescription: 'Cloudanix container security helm chart for Spectro Cloud Palette'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
metaDescription: 'Helm chart pack that provides security for Cloudanix containers in Palette'
```

hiddenFromNav: true
isIntegration: true
category: ['security']
logoUrl: 'https://cloudanix-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/static/cloudanix-logo-p.png'
---

import Tabs from 'shared/components/ui/Tabs';
import WarningBox from 'shared/components/WarningBox';
import InfoBox from 'shared/components/InfoBox';
import PointsOfInterest from 'shared/components/common/PointOfInterest';
import Tooltip from "shared/components/ui/Tooltip";

# Cloudanix

> Cloudanix container security add-on detects threats and abnormal behaviors in the Kubernetes clusters. Cloudanix Dashboard visualizes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudanix container security add-on detects threats and abnormal behaviors in Kubernetes clusters. The Cloudanix dashboard visualizes the following:
```

> Cloudanix container security add-on detects threats and abnormal behaviors in Kubernetes clusters. The Cloudanix dashboard visualizes the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Cloudanix pack is an add-on security pack that provides a dashboard to help you detect threats and abnormal behavior in your Kubernetes clusters. The Cloudanix dashboard displays the following:
```

<br />

* Threats and anomalies in real-time

> * Mapping the threats to Workloads (container, pod, node, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Mapping the threats to workloads in containers, pods, nodes, etc.
```

> * Mapping the threats to workloads in containers, pods, nodes, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* A mapping of threats to workloads in containers, pods, and nodes.
```

> * Associated events for the threats

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Events associated with a threat
```

> * The raw command executed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The command that initiated or created the thread
```

> * The command that initiated or created the thread

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The command that caused the threat to occur.
```

> * The user who initiated the threat, and much more..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The user who initiated the threat, and much more.
```

> * The user who initiated the threat, and much more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The user who initiated the activity that caused the threat.
```

> Users can initiate workflows (Jira integration) and target specific workloads (excluding container, pod, or node while performing an anti-pattern) right from the Cloudanix Dashboard. This helm chart installs 3 Cloudanix services to enable container security capabilities. The services are listed below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can initiate Jira workflows and target specific workloads, excluding containers, pods, or nodes, right from the Cloudanix Dashboard. This Helm Chart installs three Cloudanix services to enable container security capabilities. The services are listed below:
```

> Users can initiate Jira workflows and target specific workloads, excluding containers, pods, or nodes, right from the Cloudanix Dashboard. This Helm Chart installs three Cloudanix services to enable container security capabilities. The services are listed below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users can start Jira workflows and target specific workloads, excluding containers, pods, or nodes, from the Cloudanix Dashboard. The Cloudanix Helm Chart installs three Cloudanix services to enable container security capabilities:
```

<br />

* inventory-service
* threat-service
* config-cron

> 

Reviewer 2: Add boldface to these.

# Prerequisites

> * Minumum CPU Cores: 1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* CPUs: 1
```

> * Minimum Memory Required: 25 MiB

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Memory: 25 MiB
```

> Cloudanix helm chart supports the following versions with Palette.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudanix Helm Chart supports the following versions with Palette.
```

> * The Kubernetes version 1.15.x and above

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Kubernetes 1.15.x and higher
```

* Kernel version 4.5 or higher

## Versions Supported

> Cloudanix Helm Chart supports the following versions with Palette.

Reviewer 2: This line can be deleted.

* **1.0.0**

</Tabs.TabPane>

<Tabs.TabPane tab="0.0.x" key="0.0.x">

* **0.0.5**
* **0.0.4**
* **0.0.3**

</Tabs.TabPane>
</Tabs>
<br />

> ## Prerequisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Prerequisites
```

> ## Prerequisites

Reviewer: @resmaa prerequisites should be at the top. This is information the reader should be exposed to early on, so let's move it to the top.

> 

Reviewer 2: Delete lines 58-60. We're no longer listing versions like this.
